0: In the context of an event driven process chain about procurement process of an international company, provide a starting event. The starting event should be made up of concrete instances of the following part-of-speech tags: 'NOUN AUX VERB NOUN', and provide a sentence in passive voice, e.g. 'person has received information' or 'text is displayed'. Prefix your answer with the keyword 'StartEvent - '. In the following we will go through all 16 nodes of the process description. Take care of the atomicity of elements. Do not give further explanations on the output. Use maximum 80 symbols.
3: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with StartEvent - Materials requisitioned, provide names of 1 branches of parallel subprocesses. Prefix each with 'Subprocess %Number% - '. Each name must be unique and not previously mentioned. Max 80 symbols each. No explanations.
Subgraph Nodes: 18: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with {Output_StartEPC} and involving 1 alternative parallel subprocesses, describe the one function of the subprocess Requisition Review. The process consists of exactly one element. ‘Function‘ is made up of concrete instances of the following part of speech tags ‘NOUN VERB NOUN‘ in active voice. Prefix your answer with ‘Function - ‘. Do NOT generate more than the requested ONE function. Do not give further explanations on the output. The elements CANNOT be one of the already mentioned ones. The words should be separated by whitespaces. Use maximum 20 symbols.
19: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with StartEvent - Materials requisitioned provide the names of 2 branches of alternative subprocesses. Prefix each with 'Subprocess %Number% - '. Each name must be unique and not previously mentioned. Max 80 symbols each. No explanations.
Subgraph Nodes: 25: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with {Output_StartEPC} and involving 2 alternative parallel subprocesses, describe the one event of the subprocess Vendor SelectionUser For Subprocess 1  Purchase Order Creation in the eventdriven process chain, give the names of 2 alternative end events in the format 'EndEvent  %Number%', with %Number% being the next consecutive number. Each name must be unique and not previously mentioned. Max 80 symbols each. No explanations.Assistant EndEvent  1EndEvent  2User In Subprocess 2  Vendor Selection, provide 2 alternative events. The process consists of exactly one element. ‘Event‘ is made up of concrete instances of the following part of speech tags ‘NOUN AUX VERB NOUN‘ in passive voice. Prefix your answer with ‘Event - ‘ . Do NOT generate more than the requested ONE event. Do not give further explanations on the output. The elements CANNOT be one of the already mentioned ones. The words should be separated by whitespaces. Use maximum 20 symbols.
Subgraph Nodes: 24: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with {Output_StartEPC} and involving 2 alternative parallel subprocesses, describe the one event of the subprocess Purchase Order Creation. The process consists of exactly one element. ‘Event‘ is made up of concrete instances of the following part of speech tags ‘NOUN AUX VERB NOUN‘ in passive voice. Prefix your answer with ‘Event - ‘ . Do NOT generate more than the requested ONE event. Do not give further explanations on the output. The elements CANNOT be one of the already mentioned ones. The words should be separated by whitespaces. Use maximum 20 symbols.
Subgraph Nodes: 7, 14, 9: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with StartEvent - Materials requisitioned and involving 1 mutually exclusive parallel subprocesses, describe the events and functions of the subprocess StartEvent - Materials requisitioned. The process consists of exactly 3 elements in this order: 'Function, Event, Function'. Provide descriptions for the 3 given process elements in this order: {elements_string}. ‘Events‘ is made up of concrete instances of the following part of speech tags ‘NOUN AUX VERB NOUN‘ in passive voice and ‘‘Functions‘ is made up of concrete instances of the following part of speech tags ‘NOUN VERB NOUN‘ in active voice. Prefix your answers for each process element with their respective type, e.g. ‘Function - ‘ OR ‘Event - ‘ and separate them with the newline character ‘
‘. Do NOT generate more than the requested 3 process elements:  ‘Function, Event, Function‘ Do not give further explanations on the output. The elements CANNOT be one of the already mentioned ones. The words should be separated by whitespaces. Use maximum 80 symbols for one element.
10: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with StartEvent - Materials requisitioned provide names of 1 branches of mutually exclusive subprocesses. Prefix each with 'Subprocess %Number% - '. Each name must be unique and not previously mentioned. Max 80 symbols each. No explanations.
Subgraph Nodes: 15, 16: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company, starting with StartEvent - Materials requisitioned and involving 1 mutually exclusive parallel subprocesses, describe the events and functions of the subprocess Requisition Review. The process consists of exactly 2 elements in this order: 'Event, Function'. Provide descriptions for the 2 given process elements in this order: {elements_string}. ‘Events‘ is made up of concrete instances of the following part of speech tags ‘NOUN AUX VERB NOUN‘ in passive voice and ‘‘Functions‘ is made up of concrete instances of the following part of speech tags ‘NOUN VERB NOUN‘ in active voice. Prefix your answers for each process element with their respective type, e.g. ‘Function - ‘ OR ‘Event - ‘ and separate them with the newline character ‘
‘. Do NOT generate more than the requested 2 process elements:  ‘Event, Function‘ Do not give further explanations on the output. The elements CANNOT be one of the already mentioned ones. The words should be separated by whitespaces. Use maximum 80 symbols for one element.
1: In an event-driven process chain about a procurement process of an international company starting with StartEvent - Materials requisitioned, provide an end event in the style of the part-of-speech tags 'NOUN AUX VERB NOUN' in passive voice. Example: 'contract has been signed'. Prefix with 'EndEvent - '. Ensure atomicity. The event must be unique and not previously mentioned. The words should be separated by whitespaces.  Do NOT mention NOUN AUX VERB NOUN. Max 80 symbols. No explanations.
